Project 2 Milestone 5
===========
1.  Introduction:


In actual warehouses and factories, Robots similiar to ours are completely autonomous. They receive instructions about where to go and what to do from a computer with a human supervising the actions. In this Milestone, we are going to use Bluetooth to communicate between the NXT Brick and PC.  

1.1. Name of the assignment, due date:


Grid Navigation – Project 2 Milestone 5 - October 24, 2013

1.2. Team 5 Members:


Phuoc Nguyen, Khoa Tran: Coders
Corey Short, Trevor Davenport: Reporters 

1.3. Approximate number of person hours spent on the project : approximately 8 hours.
1.4. Location of your project code so I can read the JavaDocs: Team 5/Project 2 – Milestone 5/

2.    Which of the performance specifications you robot meets (basic and extra credit): Our robot meets all of the necessary performance specifications. 

3.    Hardware design.  Describe briefly the design.   Our hardware, similar to an older Milestone of project 2, uses downward facing light sensors to track locations on a coordinate plane. We modified our Rover since the last milestone and made some necessary changes in order to complete this checkpoint. We removed the unnecessary bumper its respective sensors.

4.    Experimental work  (if any):  Much of our experimental work came from testing our code thoroughly. Moreover, setting up Bluetooth was a bit of a hinder for our team, but Corey and Khoa managed to make it possible on their laptops.

4.1. Experiment description and purpose -- The purpose of this milestone is to demonstrate the abilities of our rover to connect and to receive instruction coordinates over Bluetooth while scanning for obstacles and determining the shortest path to a given destination coordinate.

4.2. Calculations and analysis -- Most of our calculations came in using a spin-off of Dijkstras Algorithm to determine the nearest coordinates and shortest paths. 

4.3. How results were used in our code -- After mapping out how to solve the problems on paper, Khoa and Phuoc chose to implement the code appropriately.

5.    Software design – top level description of how your code works:  what each class does, how classes collaborate, how data flows between classes. This information should be in class header comments.  (see 7.2)

5.1. Sources of programming ideas and also classes that are used but not coded or modified for this lab  (except  NXJ classes).

5.2. Class responsibilities and how they relate to tasks and subtasks  of  5.1.  You may list the responsible class in section 5.1 instead.

5.3. For each class mention other classes used.  Which supply data? How? Which are delegated to perform subtasks?  Use  diagrams and tables where appropriate 

5.4. For complex classes, diagram the flow of data and flow of control among methods within the class, explain how methods correspond to subtasks.   The method – subtask link can be contained in 5.1 instead. 

5.5. Link to the Documentation generated from JavaDoc comments within the code as generated by Eclipse 

6.    The most interesting/challenging/difficult parts of the project
The most interesting/challenging part of this project is to learn how to use bluetooth in order to communicate between NXJ Brick and the PC. It took us an hour in order to figure out that we have to flush() the datastream to update/get the value. Otherwise, we just get the NULL value. Moreover, most of the group's coders are using UBUNTU so it took us another hour in order to part in the NXT Bluetooth library and the Bluecove library to make it work.

7.    Link to the source code:
Steam Folder / TEAM / Team5 / Project 2 – Milestone 5/
PC: https://github.com/IEOR140-T5/Project2-PC/
NXT: https://github.com/IEOR140-T5/Project2-NXT/ 
